# 8-Puzzle Problem Solver
#### Joseph Hong

### How to Run the Program

- Open terminal and navigate to the directory where the source code .cpp file and the input files are
- Use command "make" and create the executable *puzzlebot*. Use command "make clean" to get rid of any .o files.
- Execute the program by using command "./puzzlebot -i <inputFile> -h <heuristicFuncType>". Here, <inputFile> is the name of the input file (make sure to add the path if not in the same directory) and <heuristicFuncType> is the type of heuristic function you want to use (Manhattan vs Nilsson), an *integer* of either 1 or 2.
- The executable should produce an output file based on the input file that you put in, and in there the results should be the following (from the prompt):
    - Lines 1 to 3 and lines 5 to 7 contain the tile patterns for the initial and goal states as given in the input file. Lines 4 and 8 are blank lines. Line 9 is the depth level d of the shallowest goal node as found by your search algorithm (assume the root node is at level 0.) Line 10 is the total number of nodes N generated by the A* algorithm (including the root node.) Line 11 contains the solution that you have found. The solution is a sequence of actions (from root node to goal node) represented by the A’s in line 11, separated by spaces. Each A is a character from the set {L, R, U, D}, representing the left, right, up and down movements of the blank position. Line 12 contains the f(n) values of the nodes along the solution path from the root node to the goal node, separated by spaces. There should be d number of A values in line 11 and d+1 number of f values in line 12.
